Notes: 

Documenting the ShopeePal website building 

Task 1: 

Create files structure

prompt: 

create html, css, javascript files linked together

Task 2 : 

Creating a navigation bar

prompt: 

create a navigation bar with sample Logo, website name, Deals, Monthly Deals, About, Blogs links. Sample logo and website name acts as a homepage link.

change the nav bar margin to 0, without any space from top and sides

ask: show me some variants of light orange for the website theme colour 

My Free Logo maker website: made a logo and recommended color pallete

#ff9a00

#ffffff

#ffae33

#cc7b00

#e6e6e6

#ffc266

after logo is created and used the colour palette also changed according to the recommenaations

create a hamburger menu of navbar for mobile and tablet devices 

changes and imported new font

add search input with rounded corners and search bar icon at the left of the navigation bar

For mobile and tablets devices reverse the layout hamburger menu to the right and search bar to the left

done soem changes to layout for hamburger menu and for smaller devices

Task 3:

Build intro page

prompt: 

build an introduction section with a picture and a paragraph 

adding intro content

Discover curated deals and monthly specials tailored to your needs. ShopeePal brings
you a delightful shopping experience with handpicked offers, insights, and updates
from our community blog. Start exploring and find something you love today.

Discover Hugely Discounted products from Shopee website singapore. 
ShopeePal shows you the best prices of your favourite products during sales or on random prices cutdowns.
You can save from $10 SGD upto $250 SGD only by checking the prices on ShopeePal and waiting for the next sale to match the discounted price.
Shopee itself brings $50 to $100 SGD discounts on coupons. ShopeePal is a great friend which saves you a lot of your hard earned money.

adjust the color scheme and layout for intro section

Task 4:

Build featured products from deals page

prompt: 

build a featured products cards list of 2 rows, 4 products per row, with cards having a picture, on the details below create Original price, Discounted price, Coupon discount.

make the product cards as hyperlinks to another website

Task 5: 

build a scrollable text container only for mobile devices for the intro-text inside the intro section

Task 6: 

Build a small brief of about section 

Task 7: 

build a simple footer section 

Task 8: 

Build a html page for Deals and link to nav-link deals to open in another page

Task 9: 

Build a html page for Monthly deals should be very similar to current deals page but will have monthly featured deals listed 

Task 10: 

To implement the search feature in 3 html pages. 

prompt - create search feature on deals.html page using the nav-search element in navigation to display the product card based on match search input.

Task 11: 

prompt: create deals.json file and implement deals.html product cards data to be fetched from the deals.json file.

Task 12: 

prompt: create monthlydeals.json file and implement monthlydeals.html product cards data to be fetched from the monthlydeals.json file, add month element to fetch different month lists and display in differnt month sections.

Task 13: 

prompt: create a basic form on the index.html page after the about section for viewers to send their name, email and message.

using https://formsubmit.co/ for form submission